1.What is HTML?
Ans:HTML (HyperText Markup Language) is the standard markup language for creating 
    web pages and web applications. With HTML, you can create structured documents 
    by denoting structural semantics for text such as headings, paragraphs, lists, links, 
    quotes and other items.

2.What is CSS?
Ans:CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) is a style sheet language used for describing the look
    and formatting of a document written in a markup language. It is most often used to 
    set the visual style of web pages and user interfaces written in HTML and XHTML, 
    but the language can be applied to any kind of XML document, including plain XML, 
    SVG, and XUL. CSS is designed primarily to enable the separation of document content 
    from document presentation, including elements such as the layout, colors, and fonts. 
    This separation can improve content accessibility, provide more flexibility and control
     in the specification of presentation characteristics, enable multiple pages to share 
     formatting, and reduce complexity and repetition in the structural content.

3.What did js come in to the picture?
Ans:JavaScript (or JS) was first introduced in 1995 as a scripting language for web pages.
    It has since evolved into a powerful language used in the development of complex web
    applications and websites. JavaScript is used to add interactive elements to websites,
    such as drop-down menus, animated graphics, and more. It can also be used to build 
    mobile apps and desktop applications.

4.History of java script and ecma script.
Ans:JavaScript was initially developed in 1995 by Brendan Eich while working at Netscape 
    Communications. JavaScript was initially designed to add interactivity to web pages, 
    but over the years it has grown to become one of the most popular programming languages.
    ECMAScript (or ES) is a scripting language specification standardized by Ecma 
    International in ECMA-262 and ISO/IEC 16262. It was created to standardize JavaScript, 
    so as to foster multiple independent implementations. It is the basis for many 
    scripting languages, including ActionScript and JavaScript. The latest version of the 
    language is ECMAScript 9, released in June 2018.